---
layout: page
title: CV

permalink: /cv/
---
<html>
<head>
<!-- Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-123587654-1"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'UA-123587654-1');
</script>
</head>
</html>
Download [PDF version](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1n_YPXe96j4EHr-0MB0YXS9ax3D0xKi3h/preview).

# Yuhao LI / 李愚昊 
PhD candidate in Economics, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid  
ADDRESS: Calle Madrid 126,28903 Getafe (Madrid),Spain   
PHONE: (+34) 693-695-020    
EMAIL: [yuli@eco.uc3m.es](mailto:yuli@eco.uc3m.es)    
WEB: [https://yuhaoli-academic.github.io/](https://yuhaoli-academic.github.io/) <br/>
This Version: Sept, 2018


Placement Director: <a href="http://economics.uc3m.es/personal/ignacio-ortuno-ortin/"> Ignacio Ortuño-Ortín (<a href="mailto:iortuno@eco.uc3m.es">iortuno@eco.uc3m.es</a>) </a> <br/>
Placement Administrator: Arancha Alonso (<a href="aanieto@pa.uc3m.es">aanieto@pa.uc3m.es</a>)

### References

<style>
.ref {
    list-style-type: none;
    text-align: left;
    margin: 0;
    padding: 0;
    
}

.ref li {
    display: inline-block;
    text-align: left;
    padding: 7px;
}

</style>

<ul class="ref">
  <li> <a href="http://economics.uc3m.es/personal/miguel-angel-delgado/">Miguel A. Delgado (Supervisor)</a> <br/> Professor of Economics <br/> Universidad Carlos III de Madrid <br/> Email: <a href="mailto:delgado@est-econ.uc3m.es">delgado@est-econ.uc3m.es</a> </li>
  <li><a href="http://economics.uc3m.es/personal/carlos-velasco/">Carlos Velasco</a> <br/> Professor of Economics <br/> Universidad Carlos III de Madrid <br/> Email: <a href="mailto:carlos.velasco@uc3m.es">carlos.velasco@uc3m.es</a> </li> 
  <li><a href="http://economics.uc3m.es/personal/juan-carlos-escanciano/">Juan Carlos Escanciano</a> <br/> Professor of Economics <br/> Universidad Carlos III de Madrid <br/> Email: <a href="mailto:jescanci@eco.uc3m.es">jescanci@eco.uc3m.es</a></li> 
</ul>

### Education
<font size = "3.0"> <ul>
<li> Ph.D in Economics, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain, 2015- </li>

<li> MRes in Economics Analysis, Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain, 2013-2015 </li>

<li> MSc in Economics, Barcelona Graduate School of Economics, Spain, 2012-2013 </li>

<li> BSc in Economics, Southwestern University of Finance and Economics, China, 2008-2012 </li> </ul> </font>

### Research interests

* Micro-econometrics, Point Process, Duration Analysis

### Research

* _The Strategic Behaviour in Work Absence: A Dynamic View_  (Job Market Paper)
  > <font size="3.0">Most of the literature that study work absenteeism assume absences are i.i.d. This assumption, however, is incompatible with work discipline regulations used in most firms. These regulations specify one's work absence benefit by personal absence history. Hence, individuals may strategically make dynamic absence decisions based on her own past experiences. In this paper, we use self-exciting processes to model and analysis the strategic behaviour of generic work absences that might be influenced by these regulations. Because a self-exciting process is state dependent, it enables researchers to include one's historical information into the model. We distinguish short-term absences from long-term ones and construct models for both incidence ('asking for absence') and recovery ('returning to work') decisions. Using firm-level absence data, we find that workers do consider their history when they ask for and return from the short-term absences. While in the long-term absences, workers do not concern their absence history.    </font> 

* _The Cost-Sharing, Shadow Price and Cluster in Medical Care Utilization: A Self-Exciting Perspective_
	> <font size="3.0">In this paper, a self-exciting counting process modelling method is proposed to study the frequency of the medical care service utilization when cost-sharing tools like out-of-pocket cap is included in the health insurance policy. This modelling strategy enables researchers to investigate individual's dynamic behaviour in a more detailed way. Specifically, for each individual, every doctor visiting record is represented as a point in a self-exciting counting process. Cost associated with each visiting is included in this counting process as a mark. History information that included in this self-exciting counting process permits us not only to study the dynamic structure of the process, to characterise the shadow price that is generated by the cost-sharing tools, but also to measure the true state dependency (one way to characterize the unobserved heterogeneity). The parametric cumulative intensity which equals the mean of the underling counting process is our estimating object. A minimum distance method is employed to find the estimators. Using the Rand Health Insurance Experiment data, we find that individuals respond to the change of shadow price. Moreover, we use a mature cluster analysis algorithm and find out that compare to the free plan, cost-sharing insurance plan with deductibles suppress the use of medical service by limiting the number of clusters as well as the follow-up visiting within each cluster. </font>


### Academic & Teaching Experience
<font size = "3.0"> <ul>
<li> TA for Economics of European Integration (undergraduate level), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain,2017-2018 </li>

<li> TA for Principle of Economics (undergraduate level), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain, 2015-2016, 2016-2017</li>

<li> TA for Intermediate Microeconomics (undergraduate level), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain, 2014~2015</li>

<li> TA for International Trade (undergraduate level), Universidad Carlos III de Madrid, Spain, Fall 2014 </li></ul></font>

### Conference & Seminar
<font size = "3.0"><ul>
<li>2018
<ul>
<li><i>Conference:</i>  IAAE Montreal</li>

<li><i>Seminar:</i>  UC3M Ph.D. Workshop, LSE-Cambridge-UC3M Econometrics Ph.D. Students Workshop, ENTER Seminar Mannheim (scheduled)</li></ul></li>

<li>2017
<ul>
<li><i>Conference:</i> EEA-ESEM Lisbon</li>

<li><i>Seminar:</i> UC3M Ph.D. Workshop</li></ul></li>

<li>2016
<ul>
<li><i>Seminar:</i> UC3M Ph.D. Workshop, ENTER Jamboree Madrid (as discussant)</li></ul></li>

<li>Pre-Doctor
<ul>
<li>The XXVII IUSSP International Population Conference, Busan, Republic of Korean, 2013</li>

<li>The ENRSP International Conference <i>Old Age Crisis and Pension Reform - Where do we stand ?</i> ,Poznan,Poland. 2012</li></ul></li>
</ul></font>

### Scholarship & Honor 
<font size = "3.0"> <ul>
<li> Champion, Econometric Game 2018 Edition, Amsterdam, Apr,2018 </li>

<li> Spanish FPI scholarship, Spain, 2015-2019 </li>

<li> Graduate Program Scholarship, UC3M, Spain, 2014-2015 </li></ul></font>

### Computer Skills
<font size = "3.0"> <ul>
<li> Python, R, Matlab, Linux Shell </li></ul></font>

### Language
<font size = "3.0"> <ul>
<li> Chinese(native), English(fluent) </li></ul></font>
