---
layout: page
permalink: /research/
title: Research

---
<html>
<head>
<!-- Global site tag (gtag.js) - Google Analytics -->
<script async src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/gtag/js?id=UA-123587654-1"></script>
<script>
  window.dataLayer = window.dataLayer || [];
  function gtag(){dataLayer.push(arguments);}
  gtag('js', new Date());

  gtag('config', 'UA-123587654-1');
</script>
</head>
</html>
### Job Market Paper

* Strategic Behaviour in Work Absence: A Dynamic View
  * <font size ="3.0">Most of the literature that study work absenteeism assume absences are i.i.d. This assumption, however, is incompatible with work discipline regulations used in most firms. These regulations specify one's work absence benefit by personal absence history, where individuals may strategically make absence decisions based on her own past experiences. In this paper, we use self-exciting processes to model and analysis the strategic behaviour of generic work absences that might be influenced by these regulations. Because a self-exciting process is state dependent, it enables researchers to include one's historical information into the model. We construct models for both incidence ('asking for absence') and recovery ('returning to work')  decisions. We also distinguish the short-term and long-term absences. Using a firm-level absence data, we find that workers do consider their history when they ask for and return from the short-term absences. While in the long-term absences, workers do not concern their absence history.  </font> 

### Working paper

* A Marked Self-Exciting Model of Medical Care Use, 2017
  * <font size="3.0">In this paper, a self-exciting counting process modelling method is proposed to study the frequency of the medical care service utilization when cost-sharing tools like out-of-pocket cap is included in the health insurance policy. This modelling strategy enables researchers to investigate individual's dynamic behaviour in a more detailed way. Specifically, for each individual, every doctor visiting record is represented as a point in a self-exciting counting process. Cost associated with each visiting is included in this counting process as a mark. History information that included in this self-exciting counting process permits us not only to study the dynamic structure of the process, to characterise the shadow price that is generated by the cost-sharing tools, but also to measure the true state dependency (one way to characterize the unobserved heterogeneity). The parametric cumulative intensity which equals the mean of the underling counting process is our estimating object. A minimum distance method is employed to find the estimators. Using the Rand Health Insurance Experiment data, we find that individuals respond to the change of shadow price. Moreover, we use a mature cluster analysis algorithm and find out that compare to the free plan, cost-sharing insurance plan with deductibles suppress the use of medical service by limiting the number of clusters as well as the follow-up visiting within each cluster.</font>
